What are you solving for us?
What are you?
If in Jinhai
Only one person can hold back his dignity
It can only be me
How arrogant
Hey
Village Chief, come here
Come in quickly
Not in front of me
You want me to connect it together.
Lin Junhai just said
The fact that my son was injured
You have to give an explanation
Oh, President Sun
We are innocent
Didn't the neighbor hurt Sun Shou?
This is the push-up.
It was his self-righteousness that offended him
Hmph, why did he hurt my son?
Yes yes yes that's him
Boy is a wolf
Dare to hit my son of Sun Sihai
I advise you to lift the sanctions imposed by the Shan Society on the Lin family
Then apologize to me
Get out of here
Otherwise, there will be no more Sun family in the entire Jinhai
Arrogance is arrogance
I'd like to see what kind of energy you have
Can there be no Sun family?
Good idea.
Then let's start by removing you as the president of the chamber of commerce
You, a waiter, want to fire the president of my chamber of commerce
Hahahahahaha
ridiculous
You don't believe
letter
Why should I believe
Well done with your service
Good, very good.
Humph